create axelar info page (#309)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: builders/integrations/bridges/axelar.md

---
title: Going Cross-Chain Via Axelar Network
description: Learn how to bridge assets, plus other ways you can connect your Moonbeam dApp to assets and functions on multiple blockchains using Axelar network & APIs.
---

# Axelar Network

## Introduction 

> Axelar delivers secure cross-chain communication for Web3. Our infrastructure enables dApp users to interact with any asset or application, on any connected chain, with one click. Powered by a permissionless Proof-of-Stake validator set, Axelar network allows dApps to pass arbitrary messages across chains using Turing-complete calls.

Reviewer: A link back to your website would be helpful at first mention. Also, try to avoid using "our" instead say "Axelar's" or something like that

> Axelar is a full-stack transport layer that supports asset transfer, General Message Passing and composability of programs. It securely connects all blockchain ecosystems, applications, assets and users to deliver Web3 interoperability. Axelar is composed of a decentralized network of validators, secure gateway contracts, uniform translation, routing architecture, and a suite of protocols and application programming interfaces (APIs). Take a look at the [Tech Stack Diagram](https://axelar.network/blog/an-introduction-to-the-axelar-network) for more details.

Reviewer: Any external links should have {target=_blank} chained on to them so it opens the tab in a new window (i.e. `[Tech Stack Diagram](https://axelar.network/blog/an-introduction-to-the-axelar-network){target=_blank}`

Author: Thanks for pointing this out, will change!

The Axelar APIs provide a rich suite for developing Web3 applications, ensuring that developers have the tools they need for building. With these tools and APIs, developers can use the Axelar network and its APIs to write dApps that can be easily deployed across all Axelar-connected ecosystems. In other words, Axelar distills cross-chain interoperability down to a simple set of API requests.

## Getting Started

> Check out our [developer documentation](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/intro) to start building cross-chain applications with Axelar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Axelar developer documentation](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/intro){target=_blank} to start building cross-chain applications with Axelar.
```

## Contracts

See the list of Axelar contracts deployed to Moonbeam, and the networks connected to Moonbeam through Axelar.

> Mainnet Contracts: [Moonbeam](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/build/contract-addresses/mainnet)
> 
> Testnet Contracts: [Moonbase Alpha](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/build/contract-addresses/testnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mainnet Contracts - [Moonbeam](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/build/contract-addresses/mainnet){target=_blank}

Testnet Contracts - [Moonbase Alpha](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/build/contract-addresses/testnet){target=_blank}
```
